## SRCCON site starterkit

This repo has generic versions of the basic pages you need to create a new SRCCON site. 

### What's in srccon-site-starterkit:
* directories
	* _config: The config files that Travis will use to push updates to the staging and production sites. These files should be good to go, no updates necessary.
	* _includes: Partial templates used for different pieces of SRCCON site pages
	* layouts: Primary templates for pages on the SRCCON site. The `layout.html` template includes header photos (e.g. https://2019.srccon.org). The `simple_layout.html` template does not have header photos (e.g. https://product.srccon.org).
	* media: Static CSS, JS, and img assets needed for the SRCCON site
* pages
	* homepage
	* code of conduct
	* scholarships
	* volunteers
	* sponsors (including an initial redirect that sends traffic to the "how to sponsor" page)

### Things that *should be done* before launching:
* templates
	* _config.yml
		* under `defaults`, the value for `title` is overriden for the <title> tag on many pages. The default value should be changed from "DATES in PLACE" to the actual conference date(s) and location. E.g. "July 11 & 12 in Minneapolis"
	* .travis.yml
		* the value for `notifications.slack.rooms.secure` should be updated. The new value can be generated by the Travis website when the new project is added.
	* homepage.md
		* in the "When & where" section, add information about the date, venue, and city

### Things that *may need to be done* before launching:
* templates
	* _config.yml
		* under `defaults`, the value for `event_name` is used in various titles and headers. By default, this is set for a midyear SRCCON. If the site is for a topical SRCCON, it should be changed accordingly.
		* under `defaults`, the value for `description` is written for a midyear SRCCON. If the site is for a topical SRCCON, it should be changed accordingly.
    * scholarships.md
        * this template assumes that scholarships include a $500 stipend. For some events, this value might need to be changed. Deadlines and dates are also helpful to add in sections like "How to apply" and "When notifications go out."
    * sponsors_about.md
        * this template contains example language describing the audience and program from SRCCON 2018. Those sections are commented out by default, but this can be updated to make the page more useful for potential sponsors.
    * sponsors.md
        * by default, this template is set up as an automatic redirect to the sponsors_about page. But if we already have sponsors in place when the site launches, this page can be updated to list them instead (and link to sponsors_about for more information).
* assets
	* in the `media/img/` directory, `srccon_logo_angle` and `srccon_logo_angle_75` are logos that can be used for a conference called "SRCCON." If you're creating a site for a topical SRCCON, you should create appropriate logo files (probably starting from [this Illustrator template](https://github.com/OpenNews/media-assets/blob/master/srccon/srccon_thematic_logo_template.ai).)
